Some updates to the documentation (#267)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-insider: wip/at-home/Whats-new-wip-at-home-1809.md

* __Software Timestamping:__ You can now further improve your network time accuracy by eliminating the software delay introduced by the Windows networking stack.

> For more details about these new improvements, please see our announcement [here](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/Networking-Blog/Top-10-Networking-Features-in-Windows-Server-2019-10-Accurate/ba-p/339739).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details about these new improvements, please see [Accurate Network Time](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/Networking-Blog/Top-10-Networking-Features-in-Windows-Server-2019-10-Accurate/ba-p/339739).
```
